Eric Pesci
+1 (385) 444-5788 ∙ ericpesci04@gmail.com ∙  linkedIn.com/in/eric-pesci

EDUCATION
Utah State University, Jon M. Huntsman School of Business	Logan, UT
Bachelor of Science, Information Systems – Web Development Emphasis	 May 2027
GPA: 4.0, while working 10-12 hours per week
Huntsman Scholar Program – top 20% of business students based on academic merit and leadership potential
Utah State University Presidential Merit Scholarship
Member: Association for Information Systems (AIS), Utah State University Powerlifting Team, Analytics Solutions Center (ASC)
TOOLS / SKILLS
Languages and Certifications:
Technologies:
Python, SQL, HTML, JavaScript
MS SQL Server, MS Azure, VS Code
Microsoft Excel Associate Certification
Adobe Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Illustrator
Google Analytics Certification
Tableau Desktop, AWS, Google Analytics, GitHub

WORK EXPERIENCE
Small Enterprise Education and Development (SEED)	 Cebu, Philippines
Business Consultant, Intern, Ambassador	 May 2025 – Aug 2025
Instructed and organized an eight-module course on entrepreneurship and business principles in the Philippines, bolstering the business skills of 119 Filipino small business owners, the most graduates in program history.
Consulted with small business owners on business strategy, financial forecasting, bookkeeping, branding, and marketing, yielding individualized business insights for 46 business owners, with three business owners doubling their monthly income.
Fostered a community of SEED alumni and inspired business owners, establishing continuity while no interns are in the country.
Developed revenue/expense tracking systems and financial projection strategies designed specifically for local Filipino businesses, providing revenue data to 8 business owners, and allowing the SEED program to track KPIs and client growth between sessions.
Utah State University	 Logan, UT
Student Experience Mentor, Huntsman Scholar Program	 Feb 2024 – Current
Coordinated business visit with Owner and Operations of Lucky Slice Pizza for 15 students to engage in conversations about entrepreneurship and city planning.
Strengthened community within 55 students and faculty by planning and organizing a weekend retreat to Bear Lake, emphasizing values and teamwork.
Mentored 50 fellow Huntsman Scholars each semester during group discussions and projects, fostering creativity and accountability.
Treehouse Athletic Club
Fitness Attendant	 Jun 2024 – Jul 2024 
Serviced and detailed fitness equipment, upholding the standard of quality.
Assisted guests and patrons while fostering a welcoming community.
Supervised the fitness floor and facilities, ensuring every guest used equipment safely and effectively.
Pesci Kicks LLC	Salt Lake City, UT
Founder and Sole Proprietor	 Feb 2020 – Jul 2023 
Established and maintained all accounting and bookkeeping, providing accurate sales data for analysis.
Created an in-house inventory tracking system to aggregate product profitability, status, and sales information for an average of a dozen weekly orders.
Spearheaded all relations with customers and suppliers, creating lasting customer relationships.
Accelerated total revenue in 2021 to over $50,000, spurring sustained business growth of 400% year over year.
Implemented and optimized cloud computing and specialized software to automate the purchase of inventory, further improving capacity and inventory acquisition.
VOLUNTEER / LEADERSHIP
World Cube Association	Utah
Organizer/Volunteer	Sep 2019 – Current
Organized monthly Rubik’s Cube competitions for 800 competitors, serving as a role model for the upcoming youth over 67 official competitions.
Routinely coordinate deals with sponsors and vendors for each event, securing $2,000 in sponsor funding for the Rocky Mountain Championships 2023.
Manage 200+ online registrations and client relations via email, ensuring consistent communication with competitors.
SKILLS / INTERESTS
4x Utah Rubik’s Cube Champion, with a best time of 5.39 seconds, top 500 world rank, and 66 gold medals.
Participated in a study abroad program in May 2024 in Rome, Italy, which developed my global vision and expanded my cultural perspective.
Member of the Utah State University Powerlifting Team, achieving raw, tested lifts of 275 lb bench, 450 lb squat, and 480 lb deadlift in the 165 lb class.
